# Meeting 15th February 2023

## Dataset

* Find newspapers with good news sections: [[news_platforms]]
* Find out whether news companies offer APIs
> Maybe look for different countires with various political directions, maybe dictatorships have more uplifting news?

> [[datasets]]


## Large Language Models

* are there any open-source LLMs?
* does the university offer LLMs?
* ask DeepMind
> Talked to Dr Tom Erez, he offered support once [[thesis_proposal]] is finalised

## Definition of the project

* classify only headlines or entire text?
	* add summarisation maybe?
* use different languages?
	* English
	* French
	* German
	* Amharic

## Sub-experiments

### 1. Create a baseline model
* get a baseline accuracy
* check for tutorials and examples of similar tasks
* after baseline model train with and tune LLMs

> [[code_examples]]

### 2. Create own dataset
* get annotations from different backgrounds/ethnicities
* get annotations by Chat-GPT
* Maybe experiment with two different datasets? One human-annotated and one annotated by Chat-GPT

>[[20230315-prompt| Chat-GPT annotated news]]


### 3. International news

* train model first on English articles
	* but include English news from non-English speaking countries
* once English model is trained try other languages to compare models
	* Where get the dataset?


### 4. Train with headlines first 

* start out with telescoped experiment: classify headlines
* then classify with entire text
* then classify with combination of headlines + text
* compare all three experiments

> add topic classification? Maybe this will add different weights and context